Fix release documentation confusion (#1539)
nf-core/nf-co.re: markdown/developers/adding_pipelines.md

code that need updating and this ensures that it happens in the correct places. Note that
when developing the `:dev` tag should be used for docker containers.

When making a release, version numbers should all be numeric. Use `nf-core lint --release`
when ready - this will check that everything looks correct. Pipeline release numbers must
use [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/).

### Core pipeline review

Ok - now the tough bit - does your workflow stand up to the scrutiny of the nf-core team?!
Not to worry, we're a friendly bunch, just let us know about the new pipeline, when you're
ready, following the process below.

Make a pull-request from the `dev` branch to `master` on the nf-core fork. This is a
special case and the tests should pass, and once they do you can request a review from the
core team.

What happens next depends on the state of your master branch:

- If you have developed in such a way that your master branch is clean, the PR created
  above will represent all changes associated with the proposed release, and the core team
  will use it for review and feedback.
- If your master branch already contains changes associated with the release, the core

>   team may merge your PR and create a fake pull-request against the first commit in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  team may merge your PR and create a pseudo-PR against the first commit in the
```

  pipeline. This gives the PR review interface showing all code that you've written.

In either case we will go through everything and request changes that we think are
necessary until you're good to go. Common things that are flagged at this point are:

- A clear, short but descriptive readme
- Good documentation, especially describing the output files and all parameters
- Pipeline code

We typically tend to have two reviewers for most of the crucial code changes, e.g. adding
new major features to an existing pipeline or making an entirely new pipeline release. You

> can also ping people from the nf-core core team to review your pipeline code by `@`ing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can also ping people from the nf-core core or the maintainers team to review your pipeline code by `@`ing
```
